Week 4- 
   Go over andriod studio tutorial, understand how to create activity, interact (everyone)
   http://developer.android.com/training/index.html 
   Read over the android development tutorial (everyone)
   http://www.tutorialspoint.com/android/android_architecture.htm
   Parse Database tutorial (everyone)
   https://parse.com/docs/android/guide#fbusers
   
   Basic UI layout design for the index page and individual group page (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu)
   UI feature implement in andriod studio (Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Design the overflow of each activity, login function (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   
Week5 -
   Finish the homepage design, link the homepage club list to the database. (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   Add club infomation : names, websites, and emails, display on club page. 
   Design sidebar ui, design create club page and create event page. (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Allow user to create club and post events in the club page. (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   
Week 6 - 
   Access Permission Design (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   Enable club owner to edit club info and event info.(CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   Immplement follow event and bookmark club funtion, add counter for following (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   
   Finish up ui design for welcome page, create club page, create event page, club detail page, event Detail page, user profile page, 
   In side bar: Bookmarked club, Followed events, My club, Setting. 
   Do those on another application called cluboardUI.
   (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   
Week 7
   Enable local data storage. So when user post an event, it will show up immediately in event list. (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   Add time and date choice in new event page, store time and date info on the parse. (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   fix login/logout when user click backbutton (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Add UI to our main application, connect front-end to back-end. (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Finished and refined club page and event page.
   Release basic version to customer, ask for improvement and modification.

Week 8
   Meet with professor to check on the progress and get advice (Team) Status: Done
   Replace the background images of the current UI pages upon customers' request/ according to the minimalist principle. 
   (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang) Time estimate: 2 days. Status: Done
   Apply grid and card view (optional) to the previous design (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang) 
   Time estimate: 2 days. Status: Pending
   Implement the rest of UI pages: my page, settings, etc. (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu,Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Time estimate: 5 days Status: In progress
   Fix the back-end issues including app crashes, function slows down, and display problem. (CSM, ZXY, QCT)
   Time estimate: 3 days Status: Half-way done

week 9
   Push notification to user for the events they followed (ZXY, QCT) Time estimate: 5 days
   Create sidebar based on the drawer provided by android studio. 
   sidebar elements: username, logout, setting:(change password,turn on/off notification), bookmarked club, followed event, My club.
   (CSM) Time estimate: 4 days
   Implement the rest of UI pages: My Page II, creat_event, create_club (Hanchao Liu, Yimeng Gu, Zhiye Zhang, Xingda Jiang)
   Time estimate: 5 days
   Merge the UI design into the main project. i.e. replace the xml files. (Team)

week 10 
  Test each function
  Fix bugs
  TO BE UPDATED
